Ain't nothin' like pimpin' just let it roll
Mother fucking shit God damn asshole
Ain't nothin' like pimpin' just don't quit
Mother fuck you damn shithead bitch

My diamonds and the lex say it's time to flow
Wonder how I got rich, they say I rhyme too slow, so
I'm from the o I for what I know
And like I told your ass before you can fuck my hoe
I ride nothin' but vogues, ain't hittin no switches
Top down in my caddy just me and my bitches
With a ziplock bag full of green weed
I roll it all up 'cause I'm a fiend in need
Of some dank smoke all up in my chest
Dangerous crew got the bomb, we don't smoke that stress
'Cause we getting funky on album 9
I smoked a few joints bitch now I'm fine
Studio's in a cloud
Smelling kind of loud
Nothin' like pimpin'
Nigger fuck bill clinton
Make me the mother fucking president
I'll make the white house a hoe house and all the pimps, to just
Set up shops like they do in vegas
Legalize pimpin' for all the playa's
Puttin' fine ass bitches in the streets and the hood
Every year a nigger trade for a new fleetwood
You know I'm rollin', I can't be faking
I come through and all your hoes I'm taking
You know I'm rolling, don't do no simpin
I'm an oaktown playa ain't nothin' like pimpin'
Ain't nothin' like the pimp game you should know
Never love a bitch or a hoe
You fell in love with her though trying to get in them pants
And the next thing ya know your baby momma's a tramp
Don't get mad now nigger want to shove the bitch
'Cause a year ago, you know, you loved the bitch
Now your stomach's upset and your feelings are hurt
She gotcha looking like an old banana peel in the dirt
Bitch, slipped up and hit your ass for a lick
Talking that mother fucking baby shit
You'z a punk ass nigger can't you see
Thatz the difference between niggers like you and me
I got bitches, on my mind
It's been like that for a real long time
I know the way them hoes take your cash
They let you fuck and make you pay up fast
Trick nigger, why you wanna be like that
Let them try for lent bitches take your fat ass stack
Couldn't tell them hoes nothin' but the punk in you
'Cause they already know what they want from you
Big bank, ben franklin, do the bitch just fine
She'll be taking all of yours and can't fuck with mine
I'm the m to the a to the c and k
All you playa hating niggas shouldn't be that way

There ain't nothin' like pimpin' just let it roll
Mother fucking shit God damn asshole
Ain't nothin' like pimping just don't quit
Mother fuck you damn shit head bitch

Lights, camera, action, cut
Hollywood look out the bitch is coming up
She took acting classes 'bout to be on her way
On a greyhound bus from home to l.a.
She said it wouldn't take long to make it to the top
A few auditions land a job
I was down in l.a., hit the club for a drink
I'm a player ass nigger tell me what do ya think
I walked up to the bitch in my clean ass suit
And I told her, I've been watching you
I peeped you out from the bar
You must be a model or a movie star
She said no, but that's my dream.
To see my face on the movie screen
I tell ya nothing but game came out my mouth
She was talking 'bout agents, I was turning her out
I said listen real close to what I'm saying.
All you need is me; you don't need no agent
I'm a pimp ass nigger and the game don't stop
All you gotta do is fuck a few big shots,
'Cause if you can't do that, they're going to hold ya back
She was sucking up the game, down to do all that
She said short baby, I ain't no simp
But the nigger in the suit ain't nothin' but a pimp
And all them white guys you had sex with
They weren't big shots, they were nothing but tricks
She came to me and said it just won't last
I looked, and I laughed, and I kicked her ass
'Cause all she wanted was the fame
But you can't get shit when you don't have game

Guerilla pimpin' just let it roll
Mother fucking shit God damn asshole
Guerilla pimps just don't quit
I say mother fuck you damn shithead bitch

*MC breed*

Ain't nothin' like pimpin' now you know
I want a bitch that's an everyday hoe
Just a beyotch

There ain't nothin' like pimp now you know
I want a bitch that's a top notch hoe
Just a beyotch

(Too short) mother fuck you damn shithead bitch

Ain't nothin' like pimpin' now you know
I want a bitch that's an everyday hoe
Just a beyotch

(Too short) mother fucking shit God damn asshole

There ain't nothin' like pimping now you know
I want a bitch that's an everyday hoe
Just a beyotch

(Too short) say mother fuck you damn shithead beyatch!

(Too short) mother fucking shit God damn asshole

Nothin' but a pimp

(Too short) mother fuck you damn shithead bitch

Short dogg ain't nothin' but a pimp

(Too short) mother fucking shit God damn asshole
(Too short) cuss words. mother fuck you damn shithead beyotch!

Nothin' like pimpin' now you know
Ain't nothin' like pimpin' so now you know

(Too short) beyotch!

There ain't nothing like pimpin' now you know

(Too short) ain't nothin' like pimping damn shithead bitch

Ain't nothin' like pimpin' so now you know

(Too short) there ain't nothing like pimping God damn asshole

Ah

(Too short) that's it nigger, there is no more. life is...

*Unknown voice*

Thatz deep. yeah. that right. there ain't nothing like a bitch.
Ain't nothing like a mother fucking, bitch!
You, nasty, once a month bleeding mother fucking nasty ass mother fuck it
(Takes a deep breath)
Bitch, I hate your mother fucking ass. you mother fucking beeeeeeyoooootch!
Beyotch! and your momma too. fuck all y'all. hahahaha.''''''''''''''''''
