Too $hort:
I used to have alot of bitches
Straight down for me
Doin' anything I said, even hoe on the street
But I'm a dog & I dog my broads
Gorilla pimpin' drivin' 4 door cars
Ain't got no kids but them bitches love daddy
They had to share me or them bitches couldn't have me
'Cause I'm a mack with a capital M
Call me $hort dog baby, put the P in the pimp
I keep my foot in your ass and wouldn't give a fuck
Get out her pocket, bitch you gettin' beat up
You see me hangin' with them niggas like jock
And every single 5 mile, bitches gettin' popped
Well now I got a rep and they say I'm wrong
I beat my broad ass and she moved back home
Came in one night, I was buzzin'
Bitch tried to front me for fuckin' her cousin
She started yellin' man, the bitch got raw
I took one step back and went straight to her jaw
I gives a fuck that the bitch left
'Cause all she ever got was some good dick
And it really ain't shit to find another bitch
'Cause I'm a cool muthafucker & I'm hella rich
Yeah, ant banks in the house and you know he knows
Grab the mic nigga, fuck these hoes

Ant banks:
Yeah, I'm thinkin' back 'fore a nigga just came up
Playin' games with the bitches
Thought a nigga might change but
I was tight thinkin' everything's all right
Doin' the same shit to a different bitch every night
Just dickin' 'em down like a gigolo
So you gotta peep game from a nigga though
I'm too young to get sprung so don't trip, tell'em
"Ain't no love, bitch."
So let's speak about a freak named Connie
Fucked the bitch tough, backstage at the omni
I can't forget constance, the bitch is so dumb
Quick to lick my nuts, suck my dick and just hum
And these are just some hoes
That a nigga like tossed up, kinda crossed up
Turned out and lost but I ain't trippin'
They all got tramped
Used and abused till they all just vamped
And left a nigga stuck with no kind of get back
Now I even get shook by the hoodrats
'Cause they know what the fuck they gon' get
Took for they cash & a mouth full of dick, huh
And I hate I gotta be that way
Goin' vicious on these bitches
Just made'em all leave today
But I know it won't last long
They sayin' fuck ant banks
Now All My Bitches Is Gone.

Too $hort:
All My Bitches Are Gone, them bitches bounced
I had a gang of'em, now they can't be found
They ain't fuckin' with $hort dog
'Cause I'm from oakland
You fuck with us bitch, somethin' gettin' broken
Your leg, arm, jaw, nose, pick a part
Oakland muthafuckers'll break your heart
Until you recognize game in your face
You's a punk ass bitch, ain't never been no place
I can't hold back, now's the time
To leave your stank fake broke ass bitches behind
And move on like a player
I'm knockin' ghetto hoes and even squares
Secretaries, nurses and police women
I'm flyin' first class, nigga, fuckin' flight attendants
$Hort dog ain't nothin' but a dog, bitch
"Ain't nothin' new nigga, come again"
All My Bitches Are Gone, them bitches cut
But I really don't give a fuck
I always knew I didn't need that hoe
I got the game from the muthafuckin' E S O
And you can tell when I hit the place
All them star struck bitches jump in my face
And get shot to the curb like I'm the mob
Unless they givin' niggas Blowjob's.

Ant banks:
Yeah and when a bitch wanna flirt
I put in work, treat'em all like dirt
And watch them get they feelin's hurt
'Cause I'm a mack, hoe, listen to this rap, hoe
And you will know not to fuck around
You'll get slapped, hoe
For tryin' to fuck-up the Ant Banks program
Steady saltin' with your sanky ass toe jams
Your mad 'cause I wouldn't spend no time
I'm with the homies, makin' cash
Pullin' bitches and writin' rhymes
I'm just doin' what I got to do
I'm not fuckin' with you
Because your funky ass cock is through
So now I gotta get some new hoes
Some old school bitches
That's still ridin' trues and vogues
I want a freak with the gangsta look
That Ant Banks can hook
And the bitch better know how to cook
'Cause I'm a nigga that'll eat some shit up
Macaroni, steak, collard greens, or whatever the fuck
Yeah $hort, you know how we do'em
Treat bitches like red lights and run right through'em
I got my mack on strong and my dick on long
So fuck it, all my bitches can stay gone.

Too $hort:
Mine too.
Ant Banks:
You know what I'm sayin'?
Too $hort:
Yeah, bitch.
Ant Banks:
$Hort dog in the muthafuckin' house.
Too $hort:
Nah nigga, you in this muthafucker.
Ant Banks:
Bringin' this shit for 9-tre & 9-4.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Get In Where You Fit In, hoes.
Too $hort:
Before you need a check up from the neck up.
Ant Banks:
Peace out
Fuck these bitches, man
Fuck these bitches, $hort,
Let's get out of here, man.''''''''''''''''
