What happened to that other rapper y'all used to fuck with?

Ant Diddley Dog:
Man, we ain't fuckin' with that fake muthafucker MC uh...
Whatever that muthafucker name is, man we got a real crew
We got Muthafuckers over here rappin' for real
Eatin' pussy on records and shit, that shit ain't what's happenin' we got some real shit.
Tryin' to be like $hort muthafucker. You know what I'm sayin'?
Dangerous music got some mack shit for your ass, boy
Fuck him up, $hort.

Too $hort:
Get In Where You Fit In, fool
You was a mark up at the High School
Now your hardcore like cb4
Biting. What you wanna be me for?
It's your life, you wish it was a Too $hort rap
But you got's no game and your bass ain't fat
You need to quit, rappin' just ain't your place
So back on the grind and don't catch no case
Bitches, that's what you always be
Like the other young bitches that try to get with me
I run all up in it but this ain't no race
I pull it out and shoot it right in her face
You probably wine her and dine her
And get jealous when you can't find her
Your nothin' but a mark
I bet you get your ass kicked hangin' at the park, bitch!
You'd better watch your back
Before you get jacked by a nigga with a gat
'Cause Life Is ... Too $hort, I'm in the house like that
$Horty the pimp, was born to mack
And I don't stop rappin' one thing I never do
Is stop makin' this funky ass shit to ride to
And other rap crews can see
Dangerous Crew got the funky beats
And when I see ya and act like I don't know ya
I'm like missouri 'cause I can show ya.
Why is my shit so funky it sanks?
Pee wee, shorty b & ant banks
You outta pocket tryin' to hang with my crew
You might of just learned, but it ain't nothin' new.
What happened to your funk, did you lose it?
Or did you get juked by dangerous music?
We stole all your money and all your songs
Done you like a hoe and then sent your ass home
One punk came and went
Had to fire the hoe, but I'm still a pimp
"MC" lawrence "the fake gangsta"
Would've never been shit without the bad ass banksta "the little punk"
Now he's gonna play on out "like a mark"
Had to put his fat foot in his mouth "little bitch"
Quick to say I'm sorry when your funny
Y'all can have him 'cause dangerous don't want him
He'll tell a lie almost every other minute
I'm like bennett, I ain't in it
Go on with your reject rap attack
You'll get more from a prize in a cracker jack
And since banks said he can't have no more funk "hell naw"
Get In Where You Fit In, punk
It's what life is all about...

Did that get him, did that get it? "Yeah, you got him"
Wait, it's the end? "Bitch ass nigga"
You like that shit? "Hell yeah" damn, you like that, nigga!
You a fool "Tore his ass up!" banks you a fool for that!
"Fuck that nigga" "Goddamn!"

Man, fuck that punk ass nigga, man tryin' to fuck with the dangerous
Crew, nigga, you can't hang with this shit, nigga, we got niggas
Way tighter than you man, you old wanna be me asshole nigga, come with
Some real niggas from east oakland, nigga.

Rappin' Ron:
I'm a bad-n-fluenz, so keep your fuckin'kids away from me
'Cause the muthafuckin' turf is the place to be
Where hella niggas get shot at
So you'd better pop back, or your ass gettin' dropped, black
'Cause niggas lay you on your back fast
So you'd better grab a gat and pop a cap in they black ass
And let loose the whole clip
And let these muthafuckers know that you ain't takin' no shit
I mean you gotta be a nut, fool
And you can't give a fuck, you can cut nigga, fuck school
Because that shit don't even last long
Get a key from an OG and get your fuckin' cash on
And if a nigga got some grip, get your gank on
But if a nigga poppin' lip, get your bank on
Don't ever go out like another sucker
You gotta show everybody that you the baddest muthafucker
Show them niggas you the biggest boss
And ain't no slippin' stoppin' the trippin' just poppin'
A clip and breakin' them niggas off
'Cause see life ain't nothin' but just riches to me
Gettin' high with my partners and bitches to see
Yep, that's what life is all about
You eatin' the cunt and she suckin' your dick and you
Fuckin' that bitch and kickin' that bitch up out
I ain't a model & I don't play the fuckin' role
Don't be shit when your old, nigga fuck a goal
You wanna be somebody, I tell your ass you can't
You little bad muthafucker, go on and hit the dank
That's how it is in the oaktown.
These muthafuckers didn't know? Well these muthafuckers know now
And don't be jealous and mad we doin' shit
'Cause I don't give a fuck, I'm from the bad-n-fluenz clique.

Ant Diddley Dogg:
You wanna follow in my footsteps, well put on your gangsta hat
Burn the sack and don't be ashamed to mack
I'm 'about to tell you how a true player has to be
The shit comes naturally, so hoes quit askin' me
I never listened and used to cuss in back of the church
? Bracking the max? is my birth, packin' a gat on the turf
Ready to drop any sucker on contact
You can't keep me calm, black, so pass me the bomb sack
And watch me extend with a grin to another place
I live on the edge and the feds and the brothers space
But ain't no stoppin' this fool, I'm on a rampage
Breaks out in a damn rage, so don't try to stand, break
Sit in the range, you'll get maimed, I don't fight fair
Strike with a mic, in a psyche is a nightmare
And I'm always usin' my dick 'cause I'm slick with a fly bitch
And Rappin' ass Ron is my psychopath sidekick
2 hardhead niggas, yeah we advocate violence
Talkin' shit to the world 'cause we don't have to stay silent
Steady searchin' for a bad plan, thinkin' like a mad man
Your crew think they tight, but when I come they a sad clan
So fuck it, I'm always causin' ruckus
Whoever wanna disagree then grab my dick and suck it
Diddley is always doin' shit, destructive & I ruin shit
You steppin' pack your weapon fuckin' with the bad-n-fluenz clique.

Rappin' Ron:
Fuck it, it's just another nigga dead
I pulled the trigger & I figure lead, that's when the nigga bled
Bloodshed is what I see in the nighttime
Strange and deranged, I ain't in my right mind
I can't relate, I'm stuck in a dream state
A psychopath and diddley dog is my teammate
Swe we a closer, to fred and rubble
So step to bad-n-fluenz and you know you in double trouble
Muthafucker, we the bad-n-fluenz clique
Some lunatics and we known to ruin shit
A terrorist, I ain't never been a role model
Nigga I grab the fuckin' 40 and down the whole bottle
And I don't even like fuckin' with no alcohol
But I'll snatch a joint and get smoked out for y'all
Gettin' lit, never havin' a fit
On the avenue, havin' brew, grabbin' my dick
And if your clique talkin' shit, it's your clique I'm a terrorize
The 9 to your spine, now your ass is paralyzed
I'm dangerous & I ain't even mad yet
I drop with couch and watch you bounce like a bad check
'Cause I'm a mack that's from 8900, bitch
Rappin' Ron and diddley dog and bad-n-fluenz rulin' shit.

Diddley dog:
Fool don't understand all the shit that goes on up in this nigga's head
From the hood come if you would but you might end up dead
See these sick ass oakland streets done turned me out
Survivin' and makin' cash is what it's about
Some people ask me why I commit crimes ? there em? a scratch
But I'm black & I'm trapped & I can't turn back
I was raised as a cruel kid
Because the streets taught me more than these fake ass school's did
I tried the education system but I dropped it
So now I'm in the goddamn game and can't stop it
And I'm a muthafuckin' threat to authority
Make the police sweat when they check this wreckless minority
You want more of me, come to oakland, that's where I be at
Sellin' dope with my folks, come close and see I react
Hard niggas addicted to dirty money, fast cars and fine hoes
On the drink every day like winos
And sometimes I be slippin' up off the blunt
So I packs a pump for the punks who wanna try for their stunt
'Cause I would never tell a hoe how I make my green
I cut my cream on an un so I can't be seen
And then I bump up on the block and knock after knock
Watch the cop jock as I create a be a hot spot
Pushin' slugs just to make it
I'm in the game and it's real & a nigga can't fake it
I know it's sad what I'm doin'
And I don't give a fuck, I'm ant diddley dog & I'm a bad-n-fluenz

Nigga you think you got the shit in?
You gotta Get In Where You Fit In, bitch
Muthafucker, you outta pocket, punk ass bitch
Swoll ass muthafucker, you can't fuck with the crew, nigga
You need to Get In Where You Fit In
You stupid ass bitch.''''''''''''''''
