Gotta Get Some Lovin'. [x8]

Too $hort:
Gotta get me some pussy
Bitch.
What's really goin' on?
Yeah, $hort dog's in the house
Funky fresh, bitch.

I saw you walkin' down the street had to stop
Turned up the radio, dropped the top
Say you look so good, your so fine
I'll take you to my house, we'll spend some time
I know you feel me, you need to find me
And give me head while I'm doin' about 90
Bitch, believe it or not, I'm about to come up.
What's up with the cop?
I'll get you in my car, let you work that tongue
Drivin' to my house, we'll have some fun
But this ain't no Too $hort freaky tale
'Cause right now I'm goin' through a dry spell
Stopped fuckin' with the hoes, just ride and look
Dip to the house to get the porno books
Thinkin' to myself I gotta knock a bitch
I gotta get some pussy, man fuck this shit.

Gotta Get Some Lovin'. [x8]

Bounced to the house all by myself
Can't get no pussy & I'm mad as hell
'Cause magazines can't even do the trick
I guess I have to watch me a porno flick
Popped in the movie, they start fuckin'
He was lickin' she was suckin'
I watched them ol' nasty freaks
Wishin' that shit might happen to me
I got a beep and got juiced up homey
Looked at my pager and it said tone only
I need a bitch that wanna give me some
Loves givin' head just to make me come
Freak nasty all on my dick
Just like the hoe in the porno flick
I went to bed without fuckin' a bitch
I gotta get some pussy man fuck this shit.

Gotta Get Some Lovin'. [x8]

I need a bitch, so I can get me some
She'll lick on These Nuts and then make me come
Get real freaky, had her pussy wet
Ease on in like an oakland vet
Lay your ass down by the fireplace
Stick my dick in your mouth, let you have a taste
Of this skinny muthafucker with a big ol' dick
I'll let you ride it right after you lick it
See I come from the city of dope
From the mouth to the pussy and back down your throat
I gotta get some, I keep thinkin' of sex
I wonder who'll call my beeper next
I keep callin' hoes, ain't no one home
And like a punk muthafucker I'm all alone
So I told myself, I'm knockin' a bitch
I gotta get some pussy man fuck this shit.

Gotta Get Some Lovin'. [x8]

Where it's at.

Back on the streets and it's on again
Bumped a little freak named sonja san
She jumped in the car and we started to ride
Just graduated from Oakland High
18 years, thick as hell
She look kinda young, but my dick can't tell
Ride through the town with my sunroof open
Thinkin' about the pussy, man, just hopin'
Later on, some hennessay and tangeray
Will have her ass so high, I get to fuck today
I hit a corner and seen her pops
She waved to him, smiled and told her stop
I pulled over, looked at her father
He took one look and said, you can't mess with partner
I had to leave without my young bitch
Can't get no pussy man fuck this shit.

Gotta Get Some Lovin'. [x8]'''''''''''''''''''''''''''
