Alarm beeping sound:

Man, this bitch blowin' my beeper up.

Too $hort:
Ready to put a hole up in one of these bitches, man.
Sup? Guess you wondered where I was at
When you beeped me last night & I didn't call back
Supposed to be there, meet you at the house at 9
You made a candlelight dinner just to wine and dine
And I didn't even show up
You beeped me 20 million times, made my beeper blow up
Thought you shot me to the left 'cause I'm a D O G
But you called so I guess it's still cool for me
To get freaky, you know I got that git back
I come right when I hit that
And if you tell me right now it's cool today
As soon as I'm through I be on my way.

Ronese Levias:
Do I look like the type of lady
That'll talk to a brother that's shady, hell no
But you can wine and dine me
Spend a little time with me, It's All Good
'Cause I love the way you take me
Oh boy you shake me, when we lay down
Got my head spinnin' around.

Too $hort:
I need a woman that's down for me
Always on my side, not my enemy
We could be gangsta's, lovers, parents, or friends
But whatever we do, do it straight to the end
We'll make love like professionals
You and me baby, fuck the rest of them hoes
You know how much we like bein' together
Seems like every second, it's gettin' wetter
So good I wish it'd last forever
'Cause it would never get no better than this
I know you feel the same
Moanin' so loud all the neighbors complained
And all the people tried to tell you I was phony
Talkin' all that junk and don't even know me
Last night I was chillin' at the club
Chillin' with my partners when your friends rolled up
Flirtin' with your nigga behind your back
They called you on the phone and told you where I was at
Your girlfriends tryin' to run your world
You'd better stop listenin' to them other girls.

Ronese Levias:
Never cared about those other girls
It's something about the way you rock my world
Even though you make me cry
I still wait alone for you at night, but It's All Good.

Too $hort:
I couldn't come home last night 'cause I was out makin' money
But I'll come home tonight if you want me
'Cause you sure lookin' good today
I take you to your house and let you have it your way.

Ronese Levias:
Ooh boy, oh, It's All Good, It's All Good to me, baby.

Too $hort:
I just keep on fuckin' you all night long
Me and you baby got it goin' on
You ain't trippin' every time you see me
You get loose and you get so freaky
I never meant to break your heart
You gave it all to me & I tore it apart
Talked about love right to the end
But I'm a tell you like it is, I'll never do it again
I'm from east oakland, I'm an ice cold player
Born to mack and got women everywhere
I got one up in E.P.A.
And 2 down in south central L.A.
One in frisco and one in berkeley
Got a few southern girls just to work me.
Is that what you wanted to hear?
That your man is the player of the year?
I need a woman that's down for me
Always on my side, not my enemy
We could be gangsta's, lovers, parents, or friends
But whatever we do, do it straight to the end
I said the very same thing in the beginnin'
We played the game but it's in the 9th innin'
You'd better wake up and smell the dank
It really don't seem to be what you think, bitch
I'm all about gettin' my bank
You be the car & I'll fill your tank
'Cause nothin' don't come for free
Unless your ass don't want to be with me, bitch.

Ronese Levias:
Boy, have you been listening?
I can't let you go since I know what I'm missin'
And can you fell it in my touch
That I want you so much and It's All Good
It's All Good, baby
I'm tryin' to tell you boy, that it's good
It's All Good, It's All Good, baby baby baby
Oh, like that baby, like that
It's All Good, It's All Good
It's All Good, It's All Good.'''''''''''''''''''''''''''
