I woke up one day in Vacaville
Round the corner from the pen
Fat house on the hill
All the homies in the pen straight locked down
But I gotta get dressed & hit the oaktown
I called Randy ??Olson?? on the telephone
Early in the mornin' but he still ain't home
So I called Ant Banks to see what's up
He said meet me at the studio at 2:00
I got dressed, smokin' on some serious dank
Grabbed my keys off the table & a big ol' bank
I hit interstate 80 & I'm rollin'
Joint's still burnin' & I'm smokin'
I was on my way to San Jose
To the stereo shop to make my music play
'Cause one amp shut down & the bass ain't playin'
Didn't take long, for Joel & Janks to have me slumpin'
So I called Apu: what's up nigga? What you about to do?
He said, just kickin' back waitin' on the fellas
About to go eat at Della's
I said it sure sounds good to me
I can't go though, gotta hit Myrtle Street
Passed the acorns on my way, bitch. It's Just Another Day.

Big Banks came through & started mixin'
Sittin' in the studio kick back listenin'
To some funky ass shit from the Dangerous Crew
Debbie D came through, with FM Blue
Shorty B rolled up smokin' fat ones
Pee-Wee had a crew in the back room
Goldie had the tramps givin' head breakin' off
Rappin' Ron /Ant diddley-dog
Twin 1 & 2 is tellin' stories
About beatin' down niggas for the glory
Had to catch a plane that night & roll out of town
Everybody gettin' high tryin' hard to clown
I had to go shop fo' it's time to leave
I dipped to the mall, flipped me some jeans
Rolled on out like a player
Hot ass day, bitches everywhere
I'm leanin' hard to the left like a big shot
Checkin' out the hoes seein' who'll get knocked
'Cause when you fuck with $hort you get fucked quick
I run some drama on yo' ass & make you suck dick
Ride through the ??old?? scene ??beamin' it?? slow
Talkin' that shit 'about' niggas on the fo'
Drive crazy, tryin' to tear up shit
It's Just Another Day in Oakland bitch.

It was me, Jaque, ??Beamin'?? & ??T-Lo?
??Boo-kicke?? slow motion & ??P-O??
Spud, Ju-Ju, Frog & Big E
Gettin' high on our street
Bug, Joe-A, Ce-Ce & Mark,
Rollin' 4 deep from SobranI Park
Howard came through from the B-Town
Muthafuckers gettin' high it's goin' down
It's the same everyday everyday it's the same
But that night we hit the hoop game
Who was playin': Seattle versus Golden State
Hollered at the homeboy Gary Payton
After the game, we went to his house
NBA Jams, tripped us out
Niggas talkin' 'about slammin' bones
Any kinda way to get your gamble on
Bet, all you kept hearin' was bet
Dice game on the pool table fuck that shit
I ain't goin' outta town broke
I gotta have a bank get some dank to smoke.
Think I'm gamblin'? You must be insane
It started gettin' late I had to catch that plane
So I cut to the airport
Just Another Day for Too $hort.

I was high as fuck on the airplane
Thinkin' to myself about a street gang
How a black man'll do you in a minute
Walk around the corner see some shit & get in it
How the police always tryin' to catch us
Fell asleep & woke up in Houston Texas
Gangsta ass niggas from the 5th & the 3rd
Check yo' ass there nigga fuck what ya heard
Next night we did a show, in New Orleans
Same gangsta's same old scene
Yellin' at 7th that 9th ward
I see my homies from the 3rd & the 4th
It was me Big Dog & the EL Guarde posse
Havin' fun & you just can't stop me
I did a show in Birmingham Alabama
Then caught a plane Atlanta
I heard about the muthafuckin' freaknick
Popped that pussy hoe fuck that weak shit
You should've seen all the bitches on the street
Niggas from Detroit was deep
All my partners from the Oak flew up
& they was slangin' that danky stuff
Gettin' high with some brothers from MiamI & Cleveland
Kickin' back talkin' about we ain't leavin'.

Bitch. We ain't goin' nowhere you know what I'm sayin'? 
It's Just Another Day. 
Aww you know
Kick it wit the Cadillac Club 
F R O G ????
Too Kleen in the house bitch
Droppin' some of that '93 old school shit.
You know?''''''''''''''''''
