I remember how it all began
I used to sing dirty raps to my east side fans
Back then I knew you couldn't stop this rap
No MC could rock that
Then the new style came
The Bass got deeper
He gave up the mic and bought you a beeper
Do you want to rap or sell coke?
Brothers like you ain't never broke
People want to say it's just my time
Brothers like me had to work for mine
Eight years on the mic and I'm not joking
Sir Too $hort Coming strait from Oakland California
Home of the Rock
Eight woofers in the trunk beating down the block
Short dog, I'm that rapping man
I said it before and I'll say it again

Life is TOO SHORT
Too $hort
Life is...
Too $hort
Too short

Life is to Some people Unbearable
Commit suicide that's terrible
Was it much to much or nothing big
If you lived my life you'd be fighting to live
Life is to me, my main asset
I be doing all right and keep it just like that
Chilll out at the house and bump that bass
I'm tryna get rich as I rock the place
Everybody's got that same old dream
To have big money and fancy things
Drop a brand new benz
Keep ur bank right here
Never here me stutter once 'cause I talk real clear
So what you do home boy what you gonna do?
You can take my advice and start workin fool
Or you can close ur ears and run your mouth and one day homeboy
You'll soon find out LIfe is too short

Life is too short
Would you agree?
While I'm living my life don't mess with me!
It's been a long time baby since I first got down
But I still keep making these fucking sounds
Don't stop rapping
That's my theme
I make alot of money
Do you know what I mean?
Life is complicated you must stay up
You ask a simple question boy don't say "what"
You only live once and you're calling it hell
Policeman tryna take ya to jail
You can give a man time
But you don't know
In a matter of time I'll be running the show
Now another young buck wants to be on top
Making big money, slanging hot, the task force
Tryna steal your cap
Turn around homeboy you better watch your back
Life is too short

You can take back all the things you give
But you can't take back the days you live
Life is too people HEAVEN ON EARTH living every single day for what it's worth
I live my life just how I please
Satisfy ONE person I know that's me
Work hard for the things I achieve in life
Never rap fake when I'm on the mic
'Cause if a dream is all you got homeboy
You gotta turn that dream into the real mccoy
No time to waste
Let's get on that case
Can't be down 'cause you need the taste of good Life
Living like a king on the throne
Gettin' everything you wanted tryna handle your own
So Life... don't be stupid tho 'cause when you waste it...
Then you'll know... life is... life is...

Too short...''''''''''''''''
